add sign up link to release notes (#819)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/release-notes/index.md

available? Jump to [What's New](#what-x27-s-new-in-timescaledb-2-5) to see
what's been released.

<highlight type="note">

> Want to stay up-to-date with our releases? Subscribe to our [release notes email updates](https://www.timescale.com/signup/release-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to stay up-to-date with new releases? Subscribe to get [release notes email updates](https://www.timescale.com/signup/release-notes).
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:  Subscribe to [release notes email updates](https://www.timescale.com/signup/release-notes), for the latest releases.

Reviewer: Isn't that a bit repetitive though, since the first sentence says new releases also?

Reviewer: Can you just make a suggestion using the `Add a suggestion` button? That would make things a lot clearer.
